docs/source/package_reference/main_classes.mdx, before:

# Main classes


## DatasetInfo

[[autodoc]] datasets.DatasetInfo

## Dataset

The base class [`Dataset`] implements a Dataset backed by an Apache Arrow table.

[[autodoc]] datasets.Dataset
    - add_column
    - add_item
    - from_file
    - from_buffer
    - from_pandas
    - from_dict
    - from_generator
    - data
    - cache_files
    - num_columns
    - num_rows
    - column_names
    - shape
    - unique
    - flatten
    - cast
    - cast_column
    - remove_columns
    - rename_column
    - rename_columns
    - select_columns
    - class_encode_column
    - __len__
    - __iter__
    - iter
    - formatted_as
    - set_format
    - set_transform
    - reset_format
    - with_format
    - with_transform
    - __getitem__
    - cleanup_cache_files
    - map
    - filter
    - select
    - sort
    - shuffle
    - skip
    - take
    - train_test_split
    - shard
    - repeat
    - to_tf_dataset
    - push_to_hub
    - save_to_disk
    - load_from_disk
    - flatten_indices
    - to_csv
    - to_pandas
    - to_dict
    - to_json
    - to_parquet
    - to_sql
    - to_iterable_dataset
    - add_faiss_index
    - add_faiss_index_from_external_arrays
    - save_faiss_index
    - load_faiss_index
    - add_elasticsearch_index
    - load_elasticsearch_index
    - list_indexes
    - get_index
    - drop_index
    - search
    - search_batch
    - get_nearest_examples
    - get_nearest_examples_batch
    - info
    - split
    - builder_name
    - citation
    - config_name
    - dataset_size
    - description
    - download_checksums
    - download_size
    - features
    - homepage
    - license
    - size_in_bytes
    - supervised_keys
    - version
    - from_csv
    - from_json
    - from_parquet
    - from_text
    - from_sql
    - align_labels_with_mapping

[[autodoc]] datasets.concatenate_datasets

[[autodoc]] datasets.interleave_datasets

[[autodoc]] datasets.distributed.split_dataset_by_node

[[autodoc]] datasets.enable_caching

[[autodoc]] datasets.disable_caching

[[autodoc]] datasets.is_caching_enabled

[[autodoc]] datasets.Column

## DatasetDict

Dictionary with split names as keys ('train', 'test' for example), and `Dataset` objects as values.
It also has dataset transform methods like map or filter, to process all the splits at once.

[[autodoc]] datasets.DatasetDict
    - data
    - cache_files
    - num_columns
    - num_rows
    - column_names
    - shape
    - unique
    - cleanup_cache_files
    - map
    - filter
    - sort
    - shuffle
    - set_format
    - reset_format
    - formatted_as
    - with_format
    - with_transform
    - flatten
    - cast
    - cast_column
    - remove_columns
    - rename_column
    - rename_columns
    - select_columns
    - class_encode_column
    - push_to_hub
    - save_to_disk
    - load_from_disk
    - from_csv
    - from_json
    - from_parquet
    - from_text

<a id='package_reference_features'></a>

## IterableDataset

The base class [`IterableDataset`] implements an iterable Dataset backed by python generators.

[[autodoc]] datasets.IterableDataset
    - from_generator
    - remove_columns
    - select_columns
    - cast_column
    - cast
    - decode
    - __iter__
    - iter
    - map
    - rename_column
    - filter
    - shuffle
    - batch
    - skip
    - take
    - shard
    - reshard
    - repeat
    - to_csv
    - to_pandas
    - to_dict
    - to_json
    - to_parquet
    - to_sql
    - push_to_hub
    - load_state_dict
    - state_dict
    - info
    - split
    - builder_name
    - citation
    - config_name
    - dataset_size
    - description
    - download_checksums
    - download_size
    - features
    - homepage
    - license
    - size_in_bytes
    - supervised_keys
    - version

[[autodoc]] datasets.IterableColumn

## IterableDatasetDict

Dictionary with split names as keys ('train', 'test' for example), and `IterableDataset` objects as values.

[[autodoc]] datasets.IterableDatasetDict
    - map
    - filter
    - shuffle
    - with_format
    - cast
    - cast_column
    - remove_columns
    - rename_column
    - rename_columns
    - select_columns
    - push_to_hub

## Features

[[autodoc]] datasets.Features

### Scalar

[[autodoc]] datasets.Value

[[autodoc]] datasets.ClassLabel

### Composite

[[autodoc]] datasets.LargeList

[[autodoc]] datasets.List

[[autodoc]] datasets.Sequence

### Translation

[[autodoc]] datasets.Translation

[[autodoc]] datasets.TranslationVariableLanguages

### Arrays

[[autodoc]] datasets.Array2D

[[autodoc]] datasets.Array3D

[[autodoc]] datasets.Array4D

[[autodoc]] datasets.Array5D

### Audio

[[autodoc]] datasets.Audio

### Image

[[autodoc]] datasets.Image

### Video

[[autodoc]] datasets.Video

### Pdf

[[autodoc]] datasets.Pdf

### Nifti

[[autodoc]] datasets.Nifti

## Filesystems

[[autodoc]] datasets.filesystems.is_remote_filesystem

## Fingerprint

[[autodoc]] datasets.fingerprint.Hasher

Commit message:

More IterableDataset.from_x methods and docs and polars.Lazyframe support (#8009)
* more IterableDataset.from_x and docs

* remopve unnecessary cache_dir arg

* more docs

docs/source/package_reference/main_classes.mdx, after:

# Main classes


## DatasetInfo

[[autodoc]] datasets.DatasetInfo

## Dataset

The base class [`Dataset`] implements a Dataset backed by an Apache Arrow table.

[[autodoc]] datasets.Dataset
    - add_column
    - add_item
    - from_file
    - from_buffer
    - from_pandas
    - from_dict
    - from_list
    - from_generator
    - data
    - cache_files
    - num_columns
    - num_rows
    - column_names
    - shape
    - unique
    - flatten
    - cast
    - cast_column
    - remove_columns
    - rename_column
    - rename_columns
    - select_columns
    - class_encode_column
    - __len__
    - __iter__
    - iter
    - formatted_as
    - set_format
    - set_transform
    - reset_format
    - with_format
    - with_transform
    - __getitem__
    - cleanup_cache_files
    - map
    - filter
    - select
    - sort
    - shuffle
    - skip
    - take
    - train_test_split
    - shard
    - repeat
    - to_tf_dataset
    - push_to_hub
    - save_to_disk
    - load_from_disk
    - flatten_indices
    - to_csv
    - to_pandas
    - to_dict
    - to_json
    - to_parquet
    - to_sql
    - to_iterable_dataset
    - add_faiss_index
    - add_faiss_index_from_external_arrays
    - save_faiss_index
    - load_faiss_index
    - add_elasticsearch_index
    - load_elasticsearch_index
    - list_indexes
    - get_index
    - drop_index
    - search
    - search_batch
    - get_nearest_examples
    - get_nearest_examples_batch
    - info
    - split
    - builder_name
    - citation
    - config_name
    - dataset_size
    - description
    - download_checksums
    - download_size
    - features
    - homepage
    - license
    - size_in_bytes
    - supervised_keys
    - version
    - from_csv
    - from_json
    - from_parquet
    - from_text
    - from_sql
    - align_labels_with_mapping

[[autodoc]] datasets.concatenate_datasets

[[autodoc]] datasets.interleave_datasets

[[autodoc]] datasets.distributed.split_dataset_by_node

[[autodoc]] datasets.enable_caching

[[autodoc]] datasets.disable_caching

[[autodoc]] datasets.is_caching_enabled

[[autodoc]] datasets.Column

## DatasetDict

Dictionary with split names as keys ('train', 'test' for example), and `Dataset` objects as values.
It also has dataset transform methods like map or filter, to process all the splits at once.

[[autodoc]] datasets.DatasetDict
    - data
    - cache_files
    - num_columns
    - num_rows
    - column_names
    - shape
    - unique
    - cleanup_cache_files
    - map
    - filter
    - sort
    - shuffle
    - set_format
    - reset_format
    - formatted_as
    - with_format
    - with_transform
    - flatten
    - cast
    - cast_column
    - remove_columns
    - rename_column
    - rename_columns
    - select_columns
    - class_encode_column
    - push_to_hub
    - save_to_disk
    - load_from_disk
    - from_csv
    - from_json
    - from_parquet
    - from_text

<a id='package_reference_features'></a>

## IterableDataset

The base class [`IterableDataset`] implements an iterable Dataset backed by python generators.

[[autodoc]] datasets.IterableDataset
    - from_file
    - from_pandas
    - from_dict
    - from_list
    - from_generator
    - remove_columns
    - select_columns
    - cast_column
    - cast
    - decode
    - __iter__
    - iter
    - map
    - rename_column
    - filter
    - shuffle
    - batch
    - skip
    - take
    - shard
    - reshard
    - repeat
    - to_csv
    - to_pandas
    - to_dict
    - to_json
    - to_parquet
    - to_sql
    - push_to_hub
    - load_state_dict
    - state_dict
    - info
    - split
    - builder_name
    - citation
    - config_name
    - dataset_size
    - description
    - download_checksums
    - download_size
    - features
    - homepage
    - license
    - size_in_bytes
    - supervised_keys
    - version
    - from_csv
    - from_json
    - from_parquet
    - from_text

[[autodoc]] datasets.IterableColumn

## IterableDatasetDict

Dictionary with split names as keys ('train', 'test' for example), and `IterableDataset` objects as values.

[[autodoc]] datasets.IterableDatasetDict
    - map
    - filter
    - shuffle
    - with_format
    - cast
    - cast_column
    - remove_columns
    - rename_column
    - rename_columns
    - select_columns
    - push_to_hub

## Features

[[autodoc]] datasets.Features

### Scalar

[[autodoc]] datasets.Value

[[autodoc]] datasets.ClassLabel

### Composite

[[autodoc]] datasets.LargeList

[[autodoc]] datasets.List

[[autodoc]] datasets.Sequence

### Translation

[[autodoc]] datasets.Translation

[[autodoc]] datasets.TranslationVariableLanguages

### Arrays

[[autodoc]] datasets.Array2D

[[autodoc]] datasets.Array3D

[[autodoc]] datasets.Array4D

[[autodoc]] datasets.Array5D

### Audio

[[autodoc]] datasets.Audio

### Image

[[autodoc]] datasets.Image

### Video

[[autodoc]] datasets.Video

### Pdf

[[autodoc]] datasets.Pdf

### Nifti

[[autodoc]] datasets.Nifti

## Filesystems

[[autodoc]] datasets.filesystems.is_remote_filesystem

## Fingerprint

[[autodoc]] datasets.fingerprint.Hasher
